# Description
Oculus is where users can create their own financial market trading strategies through AI assisted design and implementation. Each generated strategy would consume tokens which the user would have to purchase before generating an AI designed strategy. Tokens can be purchased on the site which are required to create strategies.

# Business Goals
To extract profits from both token and strategy usage. As users consume tokens and buy more we will place a surcharge on each token to profit from those being spent on the creation of strategies. We will also have a license which requires a subscription to use the strategies they have built. They can either use the strategy in a docker container which ingresses data from our data providers and returns a webhook response OR they can use one of our platform partners like Atlas Trade AI OR they can make the strategy available in the marketplace on Oculus and revenue share with the platform the fee they set. 

# Intellectual Property Usage
The algorithms can be used for personal use but not commercial use unless prior authorization is approved or it is bein executed and hosted on approved platforms.

## Enforcement
1. IP Tracking of where docker containers are used
2. Annual Licensing agreement tracking
3. Containerized code to prevent editing, modifying and exploiting
4. Warning messages in docker logs of the terms of use on start-up

# Oculus platform
## Hosting
The Oculus platform will be hosted on Digital Ocean in their app platform. This gives us a clear way of scaling as needed and to have a unified backend system.

## API Requirements
1. Built on FastAPI
2. Integrated with Claude API libraries
3. Containerized in docker and deployed on Digital Ocean
4. Multi-task capable - processing a minimum of 25 task at a time
5. Cron jobs for specified tasks

## UI Requirements
The overall UI will looks very similar to Base44 and Cursor style interfaces when building a new strategy.

1. Strategy Creation page:
  - Simple prompt to build custom algorithm interface. A few simple questions: 
    a. Strategy type (dropdown of 20 common strategies in alphabetical order)
    b. Comments, prompt, customizations to the strategy
    c. target annual return
    d. Name of the strategy
    e. Symbols the strategy will trade (list of symbols)
2. Build page:
  - This page will show what is being built/trained. This will show logs and process of the building and training process.
  - This will contain a list of all strategies being built and the current phase they are on
3. Strategies Page:
  - This page is the list of finished strategies.
  - Clicking on strategy will pop a modal box and give the user an option what to do with the strategy:   
  - Upload to partner host for live trading at no cost - must have an account on partner host (Atlas Trade AI, Signal Synk, ect.)   
  - Place in marketplace for monetization - user sets the monthly price and informing them of the revenue share model  
  - Provide a docker container url for personal use and instructions how to start and use it
4. Marketplace:
  - Users can place their strategies they built into the marketplace for a revenue share of the monthly fees
  - This marketplace allows users to see the backtests of the strategies, strategy details, the number of subscribers and the rating of the strategy. 
  - Each strategy must have a unique name (append each duplicate with the last 6 characters of the user's uuid)
5. Account page:
  - Be able to update contact information: email, name, phone number, password
  - View token balance and purchase new tokens
  - Update payout account information for any monetized strategies
6. Terms of Use page:
  - All algorithms are IP of Oculus and require permission to use
  - Write a generic terms of use for SaaS products
7. Menu:
  - Token balance in the menu for quick reference
  - Simple to use menu
8. Admin Backend:  
  - Manage users: view, edit, delete, reset password, send support email  
  - Manage strategies: view, edit, delete  
  - Analytics of platform. Tracking views in the marketplace per strategy and purchases of each strategy. Amount of revenue share per strategy and per user (with revenue share enabled)
  - Manage strategy entries and reviews: view, edit, delete

# Database Requirements
Postgres  - latest version

# Monetization
Users can choose to monetize the designed strategy by placing it in the marketplace on Oculus. The user will be able to set their price and collect a split of the revenue generated by their algorithm - 35:65 split - platform:user.

# Platform Guidelines
## Users
Each user will be required to create an account before they can create a strategy or purchase tokens. All users will also be issued a UUID which will be their unique identifier. 

## Email Addresses
All email addresses on the platform must be unique.

## Strategies
All strategies will be given a unique identifier in the form of a uuid. All strategies will have a unique name - duplicates will be appended with the last 6 characters of their uuid.

